Old Man's Journey -  Manipulate terrain in pastel world of layers and curves. Puzzle game
Ithaca In TheCards - This is a GM-less/GM-lite collaborative story game for 2-5 players. A game should take about 1-2 hours, and you will need a standard deck of playing cards, writing implements and paper or index cards to play.
Prole - A coin flipping analog adventure game
A Visit To San Sibilia - A solo journaling game. A single player rpg
Lair of the Gobbler - lotg. Lair of the Gobbler is a dungeon module for a party of low Hit Die adventurers (1-2 HD). It is written for DURF but can easily be adapted for other old school inspired TTRPGs. 
Sky Rogue - dogfighting
Golf Peaks - mini golf
Cardinal Cross - Sexy visual novel
Sophie's Safecracking Simulator - An educational experience on how to crack combination locks
Avery Chase - Visual novel
Figment - Figment is an action-adventure game that invites you to explore a unique surreal universe filled with music, humor and multi layered narrative. Join Dusty and his ever-optimistic friend, Piper, on an adventure through the different sides of the mind seeking to restore the courage that's been lost.
Metamorphabet - Metamorphabet is a playful, interactive alphabet. Poke, prod, drag, and spin the letters of the alphabet to reveal surprising and luminous transformations.
The Estate - Adventure collection - rpg
Cloud Gardens - A chill game about using plants to overgrow abandoned wasteland dioramas
Stories to Astonish the World - Stories to Astonish the World is a point-crawl TTRPG drawing inspiration from Chinese landscape painting and literary compilations of weird supernatural events that happen to hapless travelers. 
Hidden Folks - Search for hidden folks in hand-drawn, interactive, miniature landscapes. Unfurl tent flaps, cut through bushes, slam doors, and poke some crocodiles! Rooooaaaarrrr!!!!!
Quadrilateral Cowboy - Hacking. Dial tone. Cassette decks. Sabotage. Suitcase decks. Brainbox injectors.
Fatum Betula - Placed in a world without change, you must create fate by watering an ancient plant. Determine a future and live with it.
Promesa - Promesa is a personal project born from a family conversation, where you wander through dreams and memories emerging from a dialogue between a grandfather and his grandchild.

